If you eat enaugh apple seads you'll die from cianid poisioning.
In Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile, it has never rained.
A category three hurricane releases more energy in ten minutes that all the world's nuclear weapons combined
One hour before Alexander Graham Bell registered his patent for the telephone in 1876, Elisha Gray patented his design. After years of litigation, the patent went to Bell.
In space, astronauts cannot cry because there is no gravity and tears can't flow.
Millie the White House dog earned more than four times as President Bush in 1991.
In Switzerland it is illegal to own just one guinea pig. This is because guinea pigs are social animals, and they are considered victims of abuse if they are alone.
A mole can dig a tunnel that is 300 feet long in only one night.
Apple launched a clothing line in 1986. It was described as a “train wreck” by others.
Cherophobia is the fear of fun.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Toto was paid $125 per week while filming The Wizard of Oz.
"Typewriter" is the longest word that can be made using the keys on only one row of the keyboard.
McDonald’s once created bubblegum-flavored broccoli.
Bubble wrap was originally invented as wallpaper.
There’s a Starbucks cup in every shot in the movie Fight Club.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Goldfish can see both infrared and ultraviol
Koi carp fishes have teeth deep inside their throat instead of their mouth.
Most of the dust particles in your house are dead skin.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.et light.
One in every five adults believe that aliens are hiding in our planet disguised as humans.
It would take a sloth one month to travel one mile.
95% of people text things they could never say in person.
ATM’s were originally thought to be failures, because the only users were prostitutes and gamblers who didn’t want to deal with tellers face to face.
Birds don’t urinate.
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed it improved their eyesight.
A waterfall in Hawaii goes up sometimes instead of down.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Avocados are poisonous to birds.
Gorillas burp when they are happy.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
7% of American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
The inventor of the Frisbee was cremated and made into a Frisbee after he died.
Shark can hear their prey's heart beat.
Apples are actually part of the rose family.
The only king without a moustache in a deck of cards is the king of hearts.
Vending machines kill 4 times more people than sharks in a year.
Female kangaroos have three vaginas.
Worldwide, women earn US$18 trillion but spend US$28 trillion.
Flamingos aren't born pink, they get pink because they eat brine shrimp and blue-green algae. So yes flamingo's can have other colors.
Muscles absorb alcohol faster than fat.As a result, people who have more muscles and less body fat have higher alcohol tolerance.
Until 2011, in Russia, anything under 10% alcohol was considered foodstuff and not alcoholic.
Each year 150 people die to coconuts.
