#Truth or dare
# # doesn't do anything
#Truth for a question
#Dare for a dare
#

Truth What is a thing you regret the most?
Truth What's your weirdest habit?
Truth Who (from here) would you like to get to know better?
Truth Tell something that others don't know about you.
Truth What's the most stupid thing you've gotten mad about?
Truth What's the latest embarrassing thing that happened to you?
Truth What 3 things would you change in your life?
Truth What things you can't stand (e.g eating mouth open)?
Truth Guys: hot body but ugly face or bad body but pretty face on a girl? Girls: tall but skinny guy or short but good body on a guy?
Truth: When was the last time you cried?
Truth What is something you've always wanted to try but have been too scared of?
Truth If you were a king of your own kingdom, what would be your first order?
Truth If you could trade places with anybody in the world, would you do it? If yes, who would it be?
Truth If a genie came out of a lamp, what would your 3 wishes be?
Truth Have you ever thought about changing your name? If yes, to what?
Truth Which cartoon character do you resemble the most?
Truth What's the maximum amount you think you can survive without your cell phone?
Truth Would you rather be able to play any musical instrument in the world or speak with animals?
Truth Would you rather be the most popular or the smartest kid at school?
Truth If you had to audition for 'The Voice', which song would you choose to sing?


Dare Drink a shot of milk and a shot of vodka.
Dare Go outside and scream as hard as you can for 10 seconds.
Dare Show others the 5 most recent pictures from your gallery.
Dare Eat cereals with water.
Dare Tell 3 people you're a furry, and send a picture of your "dream furry costume".
Dare Sing a song that others have chosen.
Dare Go to every group you have and type "Happy New Year!" And send us proof.
Dare use a GIF to describe your biggest fear.
Dare Talk and act like a cowboy or cowgirl.
Dare Tell everybody an embarrassing story about yourself.
Dare Grab a random person, put them on the group and consistently check up and talk to them.
Dare Eat dog's kibble with yogurt.
